{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Darkness\
\
A voice echoes in the shadows (text appears on screen really)\
\
\'93You are fading\'94\
\
\'93You weren\'92t meant for the physical world\'94\
\
\'93Well at least not for long\'94\
\
A bright light in the distance shines\
\
\'93Follow it\'94\
\
\'93The physical world may allude you\'94\
\
\'93The spirit world calls you\'94\
\
You see mist and fog. Lots of darkness but sporadic light. The light guides you. Follow it\'92s warmth.\
\
You come across a field. you see a wolf. It walks shyly up to you. It gives you an inquisitive look before it\'92s starts wagging it\'92s tail. It\'92s like it knows you. You feel a warmth and decide to share your spirit with this animal. \
\
You and the animal merge and there is just the spirit wolf. You may now leave the wolf as a whisp whenever you wish. In whisp form, you fly, but slowly fade. If you fade completely, it\'92s game over. If you return to the wolf, you control it\'92s actions but cannot fly. You walk on the spirit floor. During fights you may need to leave the wolf body to solve puzzles or kill different kinds of enemies.  If you or your wolf run out of hp, it's game over. So you have to balance between being the whisp or the animal. Each has its own abilities and movement.\
\
You get to a point in which the wolf can bring you to the physical world. In the physical world there are neutral areas to talk to NPCs. They provide lore and story. They tell you of a great Deer. This deer had the power to travel between the spirit and physical world. It ushered all the animals to a new world of life. But while there, the Deer became greedy and selfish. The deer began sending animals back to the spirit world where they can fade away forever. A powerful animal stood up to the deer and defeated it sending it back to the spirit realm and locking it inside. No one knows what happened to the deer, but it\'92s influence and minions can still be found in both worlds. You must find a way to rid the world of the Deer\'92s influence and restore peace.  \
\
As you progress you meet corrupted and non corrupted animals. The non-corrupted animals tell you how they hate your kind. How they use their power to control the animals without their permission. THe corrupted animals tell you of a world where all the whisps can return to the physical world\'85 but through the control of animals. All this time you think that the animals are helping you. But they are in fact using you to get to the evil deer whisp. Defeating the deer\'92s whisp returns it\'92s consciousness and it decides to not let you fade, but in fact give you your own animal body. Maybe either the one you chose or you get to choose again\'85 or whichever you leveled the most or something become your new physical body.\
\
Combat\
\
\'97 Wolf Attacks:\
\
Bite - Slow. Large damage. Leaves you vulnerable to be attacked.\
\
Slash - Fast but doesn\'92t do a lot of damage. \
\
Howl - Increases movement speed for a short time. If you hit an enemy with this and they have a whisp, you force the whisp out.\
\
\'97 Whisp Attacks:\
\
Winds - moves faster for a short time\
\
Burst - The whisp creates a burst of energy around it causing damage, but increases fade time\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Ethereal -  becomes invulnerable for a short time\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\'97 Enemies:\
\
Jackrabbit - Little guy is fast. Maybe small but not to be messed with. \
\
Tortoise - Stands on two feet but shell is facing forward like a shield. Must attack from behind\
\
Bear - Slow. Lots of damage. Can use growl to knock you out of the wolf.\
\
Corrupted animals - Any animal can spawn corrupted which means it has a little whisp of it\'92s own. You must kill the other whisp to kill the corrupted animal}